kick on paul telford he will be kicking
from our left to right here in the main
stand and we're underway it's live on
BBC radio shop shear and BBC Radio York
this afternoon big kick damn alive from
shore Newton it can bake rate James
towards the back post headers weren't
comes back out towards foster back to
James James lost it in towards the back
post again maybe an opportunity clean up
a line by Newton the shot from Liam
Harley and Sean you turn on the bus
clears it away very warm conditions to
play football in Newton whips it in
towards the back post for keeper flats
at it and it's punched over it's gonna
be a corner strong challenge from
Armstrong for striker who comes back and
now they break down the left wing here
comes Wayne Phillips Phillips heading
into the wind gets a low ball in May 44
Hardy on the back post towards for
number seven there Danny Wright and it's
a good save from Brian Young goodies be
opposed to be Telford left-back Shore
Newton but it's going to be a corner
here the man online from Derby County
Greg Mills will put in right footed
plenty of place behind he headed for
Rogers oh yes Carl Rogers with a great
header
now you need to see that my highlights
because it was low down towards the
ground Rogers had two arches head around
it and not only that but also place it
into a top right hand corner and that is
a super header from carl rogers and
tolbert have taken a lead it stupid one
harrogate and Neil a Phillips finds room
cuts him from a wine position show judge
at the bar what enough of that from
Wayne Phillips what one girl needs still
work to do BBC radio shop ship with you
home and away following FC toefl United
here's a throw into Newton proudlock to
meet you what I got over a symbolic
speech in just over 20 yards out they
caused it into a bottom left-hand corner
they all resulted from a delicate back
heel from Adam Proudlock great skills on
the air to the area meachum was free and
he placed it and now he celebrates with
the goal shot that may be something to
do with their recent golf day but
meeting is back on track he's got a goal
he's hit a post five times this season
what a tonic that is for him with a
playoffs just around the corner tilford
have a corner on this near side Mills to
take it right foot it lost it in the
keeper comes rate dropped and top and
score trainer from close range is scored
the keeper Chuck's his cap of a brandy
discussed with the referee who
the way he will not be overturning the
goal the keeper claims she was fouled he
dropped it and treating to his air for
the simplest of efforts to score from
well one yard at private looks a bit and
telford are free lil up against
harrogate and they are pretty much
guaranteed second place in my league
yeah awful goalkeeping i turned to i
turned to out and being here the press
box and asked if there was a foul there
because I certainly didn't see one
growing straight Mills with the free
kick his meat the pills are
handball from her fans but not from the
players Meacham's going to get the cross
in from the left wing towards the back
post pics and can't headed away his
trainer or strain dismissed from close
range he's put it into the side-netting
I think you probably had too much time
air field trainer christen Linke before
or win that one then they Wimberly and
they qualify for the european champions
league now here's a lovely flick is
Turner toners put it over from close
range long balls straight down the
middle great flick from king with his
back to goal on birdie Turner was making
his drone for the right channel and he
puts it over from close range fired at
times sure tough would be very pleased
with her to be going away with
ultimately a pretty convincing victory
and there we go the proper League season
draws to an end the first league season
in charge for topic manager and each in
turn
and tolbert have finished second I know
he's very proud of his players and
tolbert have finished second in the
league and that means they will be in
the playoffs on Tuesday night away atiba
guys Leon Anita and it looks like it's
going to be guys wait a moment and then
if they win that the final will be here
at the book said against Eva Boston or
one of the other teams well we're
tougher players and mihari get players
shaking each of his hands it's been a
very good battle between these two teams
operative won by three goals to nil